---
title: March WAI_? Review&#58; What I'm Feeling
date: "2020-04-03"
description: "one"
tags: [blog]
---

On another WAI_? roundup, it's going to be predominantly podcasts with some PC games on the side and a sprinkle of TV shows and comics. I've been listening to the usual podcasts that I'm invested in which include MBMBaM, Ungeniused, Reply-All, NADDPOD, and TAZ: Graduation. Among those are ones that I'm actively trying to catch up to which include Writing Excuses and HFTMT. This month Lauv (finally) released his new album, as well as Twenty One Pilots released a single which is the PERFECT quarantine anthem. Over on the games side I didn't play many new games. We've got some Monster Hunter, lots of Overwatch, continuing on The Division, some Apex, some more OSRS and a new game which I bought called Heroes of Hammerwatch. TV-wise we've got the usuals which include Flash and Legends of Tomorrow as well as a new one which was the second season of Sex Education! And to wrap it up I read the first three issues of The Vision (2016). This WAI_? review though is going to go to Lauv's new album: What I'm Feeling.

<!-- readmore -->

I heard of Lauv back in 2018. I had heard some of his songs on the radio in passing (I think it was "I Like Me Better"), but at the time that's what it was: just another song on the radio. It wasn't until Bluesfest 2018 I truly discovered his music and I've been a fan ever since. Bluesfest is one of the main ways I find new music these days. My friends and I would go around seeing new artists, and waiting in the crowds for the main act and have the opener be someone that is really good. It's a fun yearly ritual that I've been a part of for 5 years now and each year its always a good time.

This time my friends and I were set on seeing Shawn Mendes. He was one of the bigger artists to headline at Bluesfest and I was because I was aware of some of his songs from the radio and Spotify. His opener was none other than Lauv himself. We had waited in the crowds for maybe an hour or two when Lauv began his set. We really wanted good spots for the main event so it was a long wait and we were eager to get the show going. He opened with a remix of I Like Me Better and I instantly recognized it and we jammed out to all his songs. He only had one album at the time and from what I recall he sang all the songs from it. He seemed super chill and would continuously pause to chat with the crowd and express how greatful he was for everything. He ended with a remixed version of his opener and we all sang along and it solidified it as the perfect opener to Shawn Mendes.

Whenever I enjoyed a performance at Bluesfest I would search them up on Spotify and non-stop play their albums, and since Lauv only had one it was on replay quite often. His unique voice was pleasing to and the more I listened to his lyrics the more I appreciated it and the more I would be able to relate to them. It didn't help that I was severly crushing on a girl I worked with at the time and the icing on the cake was she was present when we got to see Lauv and Shawn Mendes. So naturally the lyrics from both of their music would make me think about her and ultimately appreciate the music more.

I Like Me Better was the first single that most people would know him by. Not only were the lyrics relatable to my situation at he time ("I like me better whe nI'm with you", yeah very cheesy I know), but the song was a bop and was really easy to put on when hanging with friends by the cottage or just around the house. It's a running theme but I come to find that a lot of his songs are bops.

Up next is Paris In The Rain, and man after hearing it for the third time I fell in love with it. It is probably my top song from his album. Just the way he sings the chorus and how subtle the instrumentals are make it the perfect combination. Not to mention the lyrics, which need to repeating why I loved it so much. And then comes the verse where he raps. I still remember hearing him perform it live and thought 'yo this song is something I can vibe to'.

The Other is another single that one would know him by. It didn't hit me as hard as the other songs would but mostly because I've already heard it multiple times before so the novelty really wasn't there. Still a great song.

Easy Love, another single. The lyrics really hit me on this one (again because I was REALLY crushing for a girl and this would make me think about her nonstop). Not only is the song catchy but the flow he has for the lyrics just wash over me and I can't help but bob my head whenever I hear this song.

Chasing Fire is another song thats up there with Paris In The Rain for some of my favourite songs off the album. It has quite the opposite vibe as Paris In The Rain does. This one is more upbeat and something to dance to as opposed to something I can lie down and vibe to. I remember watching a video where Lauv talks about writing this song and how he talks about the contrast between the lines of the song ("It's dancing wen the song's already over / Moving without getting any closer") and it made me appreciate that line every time I hear it I can't put a finger on it but it resonates with me whenever I hear this song. It makes me want to get up an dance without fail.

Fast foreward two years later, when Lauv releases a couple singles and finally announces a new album. I would for the whole month leading up to its release put his new songs on replay (in rotation with his first album as I never really stopped listening to it) non stop. It was one of the few times I actually searched up the release date of an album and avidly waited for its release. That goes to show up excited for this album. And man, it was 100% worth the wait.

I don't know how to put it into words but I can almost hear the growth that Lauv has had between both albums. Every song speaks to me a little bit, whether it be the obvious takeaways from his single fuck, I'm lonely or the feelins of sadness from lonely eyes. There was some pieces of relatedness in Tatoos Together as well as modern loneliness, which I think is the perfect song to end the album. It just resonates. So. Well.

Lauv has been killing it with his recent release and with quarantine and Coronavirus happening, he has already released more singles which make me excited for what he releases in the future.
