---
title: Weekly Review (August 9, 2020)
date: "2020-08-09"
description: "one"
tags: [blog, life]
---

Weekly review for the week of August 3 to August 9, 2020.

<!-- readmore -->

Weekly review time. Let's see how this one goes.

1. Declutter & mind dump.
Done and done! Easy peasy.

2. Reflect on past week.
2a. Review completed tasks
There's a lot that got done this week. Again I don't have a log of things I completed, but maybe I can go back and read last weeks.. I'll do that next week.

2b. Review Calendar
The schedule I made back in the beginning of August still looks good. I had to make some minor adjustments here and there to make up for unexpected events but so far it seems to be going on the right track. e
The biggest change this week was the fact that my funny video which the board game I'm making got bumped up a week due to the Trent conferences occurring next week. So that gives me more time to work on it but potentially less time to work on other things so that'll take some reconfiguring.

2c. Review notes & goals
Still don't have this .... I think I'm going to make a task to get this done.

2d. Compare plan to what actually happened
As far as my plan goes everything is going nicely. Everything that I scheduled on each day more or less gets done the day off. The biggest change that didn't go well this week was the fact that I scheduled a chapter for a short novel each day on top of finishing up a chapter of the Foundation trilogy each day. On the days that I filmed I could get the reading done so that was caught up over the weekend but that's okay since it'ls all caught up now. I need to solidify my plan for school better since it's still going with the flow each day.

2e. Review monthly goals
Under construction.

2f. Check 'key metrics'
I forget what exactly this one is.. I think we're okay so far.

3. Get Current on Goals & Projects
Still need to do

4. Plan the week ahead
Done and Done

5. Think Bigger
Not this weeks

6. Questions to reflect on
No thanks
