---
title: Weekly Review (August 3, 2020)
date: "2020-08-03"
description: "one"
tags: [blog, life]
---
Weekly review for the week of July 26 to August 2, 2020.

<!-- readmore -->

Okay so this is the first time I'm doing this and I'm not sure how its going to go but here it is. I'm really tired and it's almost midnight
so this might be a short one.

1. Declutter & mind dump

1a) Tidy Workspace

Yeah this was a big one this week. My mouse's scroll wheel is slowly deteriotrating and it's getting to the point where I use it often and I get frusterated because
I can't scroll up anymore.This prompted the idea of getting a new mouse. But then one thing led to another and why not upgrade the keyboard while were at it. It's been
about 5 years since I bought my keyboard and mouse so I think I've managed to get my worth from them. I recently got my back pay for TA work so essentially my rate doubled and I got compensated for all the work I previously did, so in the end I got a lot of money for my last paycheck. The best part though is that it was for the last three months and my budget was set for half the amount I currently get paid, which means lots of extra spending cash! All of these reasons came together at more or less the same time and then set the plan into motion to get a new mouse and keyboard. In the end I got the new apex pro tkl keyboard and the apex rival 650 wireless. Since I got these new things I thought it was time to tidy up the desk space and make the setup look a little cleaner. I went and cable managed a lot of things and cable tied a lot of dangling wires to make it looks nicer. All in all it looks good and I'm in a good spot. Additionally I took my old DSLR and I plan on turning it into a webcam. I found out the hard way though that it still runs off the battery so I need to get a wall plug that replaces the battery (which is currently in the mail). Once everything comes together the stream setup will probably at its best state that it will be for quite some time.

1b) File away notes & emails

Easy peasy.

1c) Get tasks out of head and into Todoist

Yeah that was done. I'm getting better at just dumping into todoist whenever a thought comes through my mind. It can be improved though.

2. Reflect on past week

2a) Review completed tasks

Hmmm let's see this one might be a little difficult since I can't really see my completed tasks so I'll go off by heart. The big thing is that my entertainment is getting manageable. My reading backlog is slowly being finished and based off my schedule will be done by the beginning of september. Maybe I'll start keeping a log of my completed tasks or something in the future.

2b) Review Calendar

This was done earlier this week. I basically planned out the whole month which is not that bad. Everything (as for as I know at the moment) is accounted for.

2c) Review Notes and goals

Make notes and goals.

2d) Compare plan to what actually happened

School plans had to be shifted a lot this week. That needs to get in a better shape. The reason that I planned the whole month was because of so many deadlines were happening like filming for CHEM 2204, my turn to present a funny as well as a paper for group meeting, AS WELL as a check up meeting for gastops. I've been using more of todoist's potential now though which is good and has been making productivity a lot better. It's very much at a point where the workflow suits me but it can be tweaked and improved just a teeny tiny bit more.

2e) Review monthly goals

I gotta make these. It's on the to do list

2f) Check 'key metric's

See above

3. Get current on goals and proejcts

3a) What progress have you made on each of your top priorities?

I need to really get a grip on goals and priorities and stufff

3b) What needs to be updated?

Not sure?

3c) What needs to happen next

FIlming for CHEM 2204, finishing The Lab The Card Game, finish the In House video to upload

4. Plan the week ahead

4a) What are your most important tasks and events each day this week?
Monday: I wrote this post a little later so this day is done.
Tuesday: Filming, get a good chunk of programming as well as some time for the In House
Wednesday: More filming and just the lab stuff
Thursday: More filming, possibly see Nashira to get raspbery pi stuff, and then Mercy Gang Practice
Friday: School work then D&D and potentially some editing
Saturday: Finish up editing so that it can be uploaded sometime over the weekend


This is the best I got for now. There's still a lot more to do but I'm getting really tired and its 12:18 AM Monday night and I have school the next day. But now that I've at least attempted a weekly review post I can look back and get stuff done so that next week can be little better.
